DOCSUP-13875: Document the replication_wait_for_inactive_replica_timeout setting (#28464)
ClickHouse/ClickHouse: docs/en/sql-reference/statements/alter/index.md

For non-replicated tables, all `ALTER` queries are performed synchronously. For replicated tables, the query just adds instructions for the appropriate actions to `ZooKeeper`, and the actions themselves are performed as soon as possible. However, the query can wait for these actions to be completed on all the replicas.

For `ALTER ... ATTACH|DETACH|DROP` queries, you can use the [replication_alter_partitions_sync](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#replication-alter-partitions-sync) setting to set up waiting.

For `ALTER TABLE ... UPDATE|DELETE` queries the synchronicity is defined by the [mutations_sync](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#mutations_sync) setting.

> You can to specify how long (in seconds) to wait for inactive replicas to execute all `ALTER` queries by the [replication_wait_for_inactive_replica_timeout seconds](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#replication-wait-for-inactive-replica-timeout) setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can to specify how long (in seconds) to wait for inactive replicas to execute all `ALTER` queries with the [replication_wait_for_inactive_replica_timeout seconds](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#replication-wait-for-inactive-replica-timeout) setting.
```

> You can to specify how long (in seconds) to wait for inactive replicas to execute all `ALTER` queries with the [replication_wait_for_inactive_replica_timeout seconds](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#replication-wait-for-inactive-replica-timeout) setting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify how long (in seconds) to wait for inactive replicas to execute all `ALTER` queries with the [replication_wait_for_inactive_replica_timeout seconds](../../../operations/settings/settings.md#replication-wait-for-inactive-replica-timeout) setting.
```

!!! warning "Warning"

>     For all `ALTER` queries, if `replication_alter_partitions_sync = 2` and some replicas are not active for more than the time, specified in the `replication_wait_for_inactive_replica_timeout seconds` setting, then an exception `UNFINISHED` is thrown.

Reviewer 2: It's rather a note than a warning

>     For all `ALTER` queries, if the `replication_alter_partitions_sync` setting is `2` and some replicas are not active for more than the time specified by the `replication_wait_for_inactive_replica_timeout seconds` setting, then an exception `UNFINISHED` will be thrown.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For all `ALTER` queries, if `replication_alter_partitions_sync = 2` and some replicas are not active for more than the time, specified in the `replication_wait_for_inactive_replica_timeout seconds` setting, then an exception `UNFINISHED` is thrown.
```
